update entra-previews links (#98)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-ciam-javascript-tutorial: 1-Authentication/0-sign-in-vanillajs/README.md

## Overview

> This sample demonstrates a vanilla JavaScript single-page application (SPA) that lets users authenticate to [Microsoft Entra External ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/fundamentals/create-new-tenant) using the [Microsoft Authentication Library for JavaScript](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js) (MSAL.js). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates a vanilla JavaScript single-page application (SPA) that lets users authenticate to [Microsoft Entra External ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/external-id/customers/how-to-create-external-tenant-portal) using the [Microsoft Authentication Library for JavaScript](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js) (MSAL.js). 
```

> This sample demonstrates a vanilla JavaScript single-page application (SPA) that lets users authenticate to [Microsoft Entra External ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/fundamentals/create-new-tenant) using the [Microsoft Authentication Library for JavaScript](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js) (MSAL.js). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates a vanilla JavaScript single-page application (SPA) that lets users authenticate to [Microsoft Entra External ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/external-id/external-identities-overview) using the [Microsoft Authentication Library for JavaScript](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js) (MSAL.js). 
```

Reviewer: @BenBagBag 

For links, remove the locale. For examples use `https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/external-id/external-identities-overview` instead of `https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/external-id/external-identities-overview`.

* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) is recommended for running and editing this sample.
* [VS Code Azure Tools](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.vscode-node-azure-pack) extension is recommended for interacting with Azure through VS Code Interface.
* A modern web browser.

> * An external tenant. For more information, see: [Create a new tenant in Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/fundamentals/create-new-tenant)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An external tenant. For more information, see: [Create a new external tenant in Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/external-id/customers/how-to-create-external-tenant-portal)
```

> * An **external Microsoft Entra ID** tenant. For more information, see: [Create a new tenant in Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/fundamentals/create-new-tenant)

Reviewer 2: I'll defer to @kengaderdus to say whether "external Microsoft Entra ID tenant" or "Microsoft Entra External ID tenant" is preferred

Reviewer 2: Oh nevermind, I see Katherine asked for it this way 👍

Reviewer: Just say _external tenant_, here and in all other instances as you already told the user the product name, that's _Microsoft Entra External ID._

> * An **external Microsoft Entra ID** tenant. For more information, see: [Create a new tenant in Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/fundamentals/create-new-tenant)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An external tenant. For more information, see: [Create a new tenant in Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/external-id/customers/how-to-create-external-tenant-portal)
```
